Fixing docs (#27)
mladenovak/interferopy: docs/pages/install.rst

    python -m pip install git+https://github.com/mladenovak/interferopy

> Interferopy runs in python3 and uses the following libraries: numpy, scipy, matplotlib, tqdm. The library is setup such that the necessary packages will be downloaded automatically when installing the pacakge with *pip* or *python install*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interferopy runs in python3 and uses the following libraries: ``numpy``, ``scipy``, ``matplotlib``, ``astropy`` and ``tqdm`` (for nice progress bars). The required packages will be downloaded and installed automatically when installing the package with ``pip`` or ``python install``.
```
